If you don’t eat first, I heard you were injured,
Just look at you, I have no other intention.
How did he know that I was injured? You are also following others.
I'll go with it, but I have to eat.
I may be different from them,
I'll try it, I like these.
Could it be that this is what grandpa said, the voice of a unique talent in handling book signatures?
I'll eat first.
Order two dishes to take with you to drink.
And then the secret that becomes complicated is that I sound me this to me
Just wait for me. I will definitely have the secret location to get the water back.
If you want two points of cleansing, I will kiss your CEO.
Shouting, there is indeed a person called Shouting Qi beside you
The whole people shouts kiss
This is his information
Why did you come in person?
Isn’t this calling your boss?
If you are not interested in this idea, I will cooperate with you.
Just for his husband